mem: `mlockall` pages to prevent swap bypassing storage fault tolerance (#2478)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: docs/operating/docker.md

#### `error: SystemResources`

If you get `error: SystemResources` when running TigerBeetle in Docker on macOS,
the container is blocking tigerbeetle from locking memory which is necessary for io_uring

> and optionally to avoid kernel swap bypassing TigerBeetle's storage fault tolerance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the container may be blocking TigerBeetle from locking memory, which is necessary both for io_uring
and to prevent the kernel's use of swap from bypassing TigerBeetle's storage fault tolerance.
```

Capital "T". Capital "B".
